Q1):Create a New Book Record "978-1-60129-456-2', 'To Kill a Mockingbird', 'Classic', 6.00, 'yes', 'Harper Lee', '3.8. Lippincott & co.')"
Q2):Update an Existing Member's Address
Q3): Delete a Record from the Issued Status Table Objective: Delete the record with issued_id = 'IS121' from the issued_status table.
Q4): Retrieve All Books Issued by a Specific Employee Objective: Select all books issued by the employee with emp_id = 'E101'.
Q5): List Members Who Have Issued More Than One BookObjective: Use GROUP BY to find members who have issued more than one book.
Q6): CTAS  Create Summary Tables: Used CTAS to generate new tables based on query results - each book and total book_issued_count 
Q7). Retrieve All Books in a Specific Category:
Q8): Find Total Rental Income by Category:
Q9): List Members Who Registered in the Last 180 Days:
Q10): List Employees with Their Branch Manager's Name and their branch details:
Q11): . Create a Table of Books with Rental Price Above a Certain Threshold 7USD; 
Q12: Retrieve the List of Books Not Yet Returned
Q13): Identify Members with Overdue BooksWrite a query to identify members who have overdue books (assume a 30-day return period).Display the member's_id, member's name, book title, issue date, and days overdue.
Q14): Update Book Status on ReturnWrite a query to update the status of books in the books table to "Yes" when they are returned (based on entries in the return_status table.
Q15): Branch Performance Report Create a query that generates a performance report for each branch, showing the number of books issued, the number of books returned,
and the total revenue generated from book rentals.
Q16): CTAS: Create a Table of Active Members Use the CREATE TABLE AS (CTAS) statement to create a new table  active_members containing members who have issued at least one book in the last 2 months.
Q17): Find Employees with the Most Book Issues Processed Write a query to find the top 3 employees who have processed the most book issues. Display the employee name, 
number of books processed, and their branch.
Q18): Identify Members Issuing High-Risk Books with the status "damaged" in the books table. Display the member name, book title,and the number of times they've issued damaged books.
